Statement of Faith

We believe the only basis of Christian fellowship is Christ's (Agape') love, which is greater than any differences we posses, and without which we have no right to claim ourselves as Christians. We believe worship of God should be spiritual. Therefore, we remain flexible and yielded to the leading of the Holy Spirit to direct our worship.

We believe worshipping God should be inspirational. Therefore, we give great place to music in our worship.

We believe worship of God should be intelligent. Therefore, our services are designed with great emphasis upon the teaching of the Word of God that He might instruct us on how He should be worshipped.

We believe worship of God should be fruitful. Therefore, we look for His love in our lives as the supreme manifestation that we have been truly worshiping Him.

We believe in all fundamental doctrines of orthodox evangelical Christianity.

We believe in the inerrancy of Scripture, that the Bible, Old and New Testament, is the inspired, infallible word of God. We believe God exists in three separate persons: Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.

We believe that God the Father is personal, transcendent, and sovereign Creator of all things.

We believe Jesus Christ is fully God and fully human, that He was born of a virgin, lived a sinless life, provided for the atonement of our sins by His vicarious death on the cross, was bodily resurrected by the power of the Holy Spirit, ascended back to the right hand of God the Father, and lives to make intercession for us. After He ascended to Heaven, Jesus poured out His Holy Spirit on the believers in Jerusalem, enabling them to fulfill His command to preach the Gospel to the entire world, an obligation shared by all believers today.

We believe that church government should be simplistic rather than complex bureaucracy, and we depend on the Holy Spirit to lead, rather than on fleshly promotion.

We believe that all people are, by nature, separated from God and responsible for their own sin, but that salvation, redemption, and forgiveness of sin are freely offered to all by grace of our Lord Jesus Christ. When a person repents of sin, accepts Jesus Christ as personal Savior and Lord, trusting Him to save, that person is immediately born again and sealed by the Holy Spirit, all his/her sins are forgiven, and that person becomes a child of God, destined to spend eternity with the Lord.

We believe in the gifts of the Holy Spirit mentioned in the scriptures, and that they are valid for today if they are exercised within scriptural guidelines. We as believers are to covet the best gifts, seeking to exercise them in love that the whole body of Christ may be edifices. We believe that love is more important than the most spectacular gifts, and without this love all exercise of spiritual gifts is worthless.

We await the pre-tribulation rapture of the church. We are strongly committed to a belief that the church will be raptured before the seven year tribulation period described in Revelation chapter 6 though 18. We recognize that other believers hold a different view, but this is the way we see the Scripture's teaching on the subject.

We acknowledge that the Biblical view of Marriage is the union between one genetic male and one genetic female.

We seek to teach the Word of God in such a way that its message can be applied to an individual's life, leading that person to a greater maturity in Christ.  We reject: (1) The belief that a Christian can be demon possessed; (2) "5 point Calvinism" (i.e a fatalistic Calvinistic view that leaves no room for free will; specifically, we reject the belief that Jesus' atonement was limited, instead we believe He died for all people, and we reject the assertion that God's wooing grace cannot be resisted or that He has elected people to go to hell; instead, we believe that anyone who wills to come to Christ may do so); (3) "positive confession" (the faith movement belief that god can be commanded to heal or work miracles according to a man's will); (4) Human prophecy that supersedes Scripture; (5) the incorporation of humanistic and secular psychology and philosophy into Biblical teaching; (6) The over emphasis of the spiritual gifts, experiential signs and wonders to the exclusion of Biblical teaching.

In our services we focus on a personal relationship with God through worship, prayer, and teaching of the Word of God. We teach both expositorily and topically. We do not allow speaking in tongues loudly during the service, nor prophecy while Bible study is in progress because we do not believe the Holy Spirit would interrupt Himself.